c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.exe
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.exe
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.News.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Emploi1.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Emploi2.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Emploi3.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.EmploiERSI.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.EmploiGI.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.EmploiIA.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.EmploiROC.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Home.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Emploi.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Maps.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.EmploiGI2.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.EmploiIA2.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.EmploiIRSI2.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.EmploiROC1.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Resource1.resources
